all right what's up guys today I'm going
to teach you how to change your
wallpaper on the KBT 696 it's going to
be a quick video hopefully this answers
a lot of your questions first you're
going to get a flash drive and and then
drop some JPG files in there pictures
whatever its gonna be whether it's gonna
be stayin at you Lehrer
Britney Spears or some cars model guns
whatever the hell is going to be logos
for everybody
you're gonna connect the USB to the USB
adapter if that comes from your KBT 696
which is located on the back of the
stereo as soon as you plug it in it's
going to say it's gonna say that it's
reading and if you have any music files
on that USB Drive it's going to start
playing that Ematic we don't want that
you want to go and access the radio and
the reason you don't want music playing
on the USB it's because it's not it's
going to interfere with you putting the
wallpaper and it won't let you do it
it's you can only do one thing at a time
either play music or mess around with
the files in there which would be your
picture files wallpaper so after you got
that done you stopped playing the music
and you hit ready or or yeah radio
you're going to go to user interface
click on user interface and they're
gonna you're going to go to delete and
yes you want to delete the background
for people that don't have the
background then somehow you don't have
to worry about this step since well
obviously you guys don't have a
background so but I'm gonna have to
delete it because I have one you can't
you can't you know put one on top of
another background you just
kvt is pretty anal about that so i wants
to do that you're gonna go to memory
memory and these are the three folders I
have in my USB Drive
I made a folder specifically for this
video and it's called KBT 696 so I'm
gonna click on it and I'm gonna get far
that's the picture I want to put in far
so I click on far since it's loading the
bottom and usually the six thirty to
sixty seconds depending on the quality
of the picture yeah depend on the
quality of the picture that's what I
found that on for these kind of pictures
this isn't an HD screen so you really
don't need that good of quality any
decent looking picture on the Internet
will do I just continue waiting continue
waiting
you know it's working because that
little USB light on that and the USB
Drive I mean is blinking the light the
blue light is blinking
okay okay there we go
so once the once the picture is loaded
once the picture is loaded you got a
couple options you could either rotate
it to the left or my back to the right
or to the left and I like it just the
way it is so a head entry unfortunately
with this unit you can zoom in
you can't crop can't do any of that
stuff so make sure that uh whatever
wallpaper you're going to put on the on
the background you know it's pretty
close to what you wanted to look like or
let me say no let me restate that again
it's exactly what you're going to want
it to look like so if you got a trash
can over here in the corner or something
and you want to cut it out or anything
you know make sure you do that before
you decide to change the wallpaper
because the only options you have on
this on the head unit is to go to left
or right alright once you've deleted the
wallpaper or for you who don't have any
once you've loaded the wallpaper on your
memory then you want to go to change
once you click on change you're going to
get these options right here and that's
that's little wallpaper that's currently
on there and this is a new one that you
just load it into the KBT 696 memory so
now you're going to click on the new
picture and you're going to hit enter
once you hit enter you got another
couple seconds to wait it's a processing
or writing or whatever the hell this
thing is doing but it's pretty slow you
know thirty or six sixty Seconds so I
don't think it's broken or anything all
right so once it's loaded that's it
you got your wallpaper on the background